what's up guys it's like you here and
I'm sorry I haven't posted anything for
the last couple of I don't know seven
days or so I've just been really busy
with work it's been a bit hectic I
haven't had a chance to use GTA at all
on either console so that's been a bit
annoying but hey I've got this week off
so Wednesday is actually going to be a
good day for doing a livestream and also
some ps3 lobbies because I know that you
guys really want me to do more of that
anyway I told you guys initially that
you know I've literally done every
single LSC combo that I can think of
that looks good
and I also released I think one or two
videos on two-tone colors for the
Earth's iris yeah the t20 pro Jen yeah
anyway guys this series I thought you
know I'd bring it back because I was
playing around with the actual car
in-game and I was just like holy moly
maybe this could work and man it has
this I think the second last color I
recorded is absolutely insane like I've
actually left it on the t2 I need to use
on one of my main accounts just because
it looks so good and the idea but behind
you know the whole two-tone concept is
to get a base color especially for the
t20 because it looks so good on this
sort of concept car then get a second
secondary color but a color that's
similar on the palette scale that they
give you at LSE the next step is adding
a pearlescent that will actually blend
the two colors together so that when you
go into sunlight or anywhere bright it's
actually gonna sort of create the effect
of a really really vibrant pearlescent
better than one that just has the actual
primary base with a pearlescent so it's
giving that extra oomph you know they're
not too expensive I went with classic
paints for a lot of the primary and
secondary and it's a lot cheaper but
it's up to you guys if you've got the
money but anyway guys like yeah there's
just an absolute I can't describe it
like one of them I was just so stoked
with but you know guys let me know what
you think I really
do some more I don't know 2-tone combos
just because I don't know it like I've
just I just decided today I like ID you
know fuck around with it and see what
happened and I'm really surprised with
the results but I want to know what you
guys think please let me know below
there's yeah there's a few car colors
here they're just you know I've made
them tonight it's late and I didn't have
time to re-record anyway also I'd like
to say that because it's been you know
so long so much radio silence you know a
week of sort of no not posting anything
for you guys I've actually been working
on this website called IQs database calm
which is nearly ready to go live but
pretty much this is a place where I will
be able to document all my colors that
I've ever made both modded and LS see
along with all my tutorials written out
this is taking me a very long time to do
guys and you guys will be able to go on
there and actually find out every color
it'll be like in a gallery there'll be
videos they'll be tutorials it's going
to be awesome
and yeah that's what I've been doing
with my spare time rather than making
more videos because I want to give you
guys something when it's nearly done
rather than saying hey you know this is
this could be happening or whatever it's
actually happening and it's nearly it
completed I've been using Squarespace
just basic stuff for the editing and I
got a domain I think last week anyway
guys
peace and love let me know what you
think in the description there's a few
good games coming out on ps4 in the next
two weeks so I'd like to do some
recording of Metal Gear Solid and live
streaming of maybe until dawn but let me
know what you guys think you know I'd
love to spice things up anyway guys
peace and love
enjoy these tell me what you think when
you please subscribe and you know if you
enjoyed this please like and leave me
some feedback peace guys